Hello and welcome to my class
on Python data structures.
This is the second class in
our Python specialization.
It covers chapters six
through ten of the textbook.
The previous class covered
chapters one through five.
This is the last class in
the specialization that you can
avoid installing Python.
All along we've encouraged
you to install Python.
Do all your homework on your
desktop or laptop,
and then use our autograder
to turn things in.
But starting with the next class,
not this class, but
starting with the next class you're
going to have to install Python.
Because the programs get more complex.
We're using advanced Python features
that I can't simulate in a browser.
And so, I would say this is the time
to go ahead and install Python.
Especially if you want to go on
beyond chapter ten in the book.
So, if you are jumping into this class
and you find yourself struggling,
like whoa, I'm picking this
up in the middle, go back and
take the previous class.
We just assume that you have
mastered the previous class.
One of my whole goals in
design of this class, is for
you not to try to rush through it,
but to feel a mastery of it.
And feel free to do the same problem
over and over and over again,
and hide the solution from yourself,
until you realize, oh wait a sec.
This is easy. Because frankly,
up to this point and
going forward,
none of this should be very difficult.
And you should really understand
every single thing that's going on in
every one of the assignments.
Especially in the first
ten chapters of the book.
Later the programs become a little more
complex and even by the end of the book,
in chapter 14 and 15.
It takes me hours to
write these applications.
And so, but here in chapters one
through ten, it doesn't take me hours.
It should take me, you know, five to
ten minutes at the most.
And it eventually should take you
five to ten minutes at the most.
So, welcome to the class.
I look forward to seeing you and
congratulations on getting this far
if you made it through the first class